MLearning/ue-agents/README.md, before:

# Unity ML-Agents Trainers

The `mlagents` Python package is part of the
[ML-Agents Toolkit](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents). `mlagents`
provides a set of reinforcement and imitation learning algorithms designed to be
used with Unity environments. The algorithms interface with the Python API
provided by the `mlagents_envs` package. See [here](../docs/Python-LLAPI.md) for
more information on `mlagents_envs`.

The algorithms can be accessed using the: `mlagents-learn` access point. See
[here](../docs/Training-ML-Agents.md) for more information on using this
package.

## Installation

Install the `mlagents` package with:

```sh
python -m pip install mlagents==1.0.0
```

## Usage & More Information

For more information on the ML-Agents Toolkit and how to instrument a Unity
scene with the ML-Agents SDK, check out the main
[ML-Agents Toolkit documentation](../docs/Readme.md).

## Limitations

- Resuming self-play from a checkpoint resets the reported ELO to the default
  value.

Commit message:

Improved Documentation & Bug Fixes  (#12)
Co-authored-by: Stephane Capponi <stephane.capponi@ceva-dsp.com>
Co-authored-by: Restyled.io <commits@restyled.io>

- Expanded **Create New Environment** documentation with clearer setup instructions for Blueprint and C++.  
- Added missing details on **agent initialization, observation collection, and action processing**.  
- Fixed bugs encountered during documentation development, including **incorrect variable initialization and minor logic errors** in agent behavior.  
- Updated **README files** for better clarity and guidance.  
- Refined Unreal ML Agents plugin descriptions and linked to external documentation.

MLearning/ue-agents/README.md, after:

# Unreal ML-Agents Trainers

The `ueagents` Python package is part of the Unreal ML-Agents Toolkit. `ueagents`
provides a set of reinforcement and imitation learning algorithms designed to be
used with Unreal Engine environments. The algorithms interface with the Python API
provided by the `ueagents_envs` package.

## Notice

This package is inspired by Unity's ML-Agents Toolkit. The primary differences are:
- `ueagents` has been updated to import from `ueagents_envs` instead of `mlagents_envs`.
- Changes were made to support Unreal Engine, with references to Unity replaced with Unreal.
- SideChannels are not supported yet, and the code has been adjusted accordingly.

All credit for the foundational work goes to Unity's ML-Agents Toolkit team.

## Installation

Install the `ueagents` package with:

```sh
python -m pip install ueagents
```

## Usage & More Information

For more information on the Unreal ML-Agents Toolkit and how to instrument an Unreal
scene with the Unreal ML-Agents SDK, check out the main
[Unreal ML-Agents Toolkit documentation](https://unrealmlagents.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

## Credit

[Unity ML Agents](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents)
